README.md, before:

# Mohamed Trigui | Computer Science and Cybersecurity
I’m Mohamed, a cyber enthusiast finishing my Master's in Cybersecurity at Illinois Tech. I am prepping for my OSCP exam and always working on new projects!
Current focus:
- Polishing exploit write-ups and walkthroughs.
- Documenting Active Directory exploitation techniques
- Working on a BPMN to MITRE Att&CK project 


## Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/mohamed-trigui-) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@mohamedtrigui7421) 

# Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=medTrigui&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and internship info
Updated personal information and current internship details.

README.md, after:

# Mohamed Trigui | Computer Science and Cybersecurity
I’m Mohamed, a cyber enthusiast finishing my Master's in Cybersecurity at Illinois Tech and currently interning at Integral Ad Science (IAS) as a Security Engineering Intern focusing on Detection and Response. I am prepping for my OSCP exam and always working on new projects!
Current focus:
- PGP Practice - Windows and Linux boxes.
- Full time internship at IAS working on Detection Engineering and incident response operations.


## Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/mohamed-trigui-) [![YouTube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-%23FF0000.svg?logo=YouTube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@mohamedtrigui7421) 

# Tech Stack:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Bash Script](https://img.shields.io/badge/bash_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/apache-%23D42029.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake-dark.svg" />
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake.svg" />
  <img alt="github-snake" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medTrigui/medTrigui/output/github-snake.svg" />
</picture>

[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=medTrigui&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
